@W-22419797@ @W-22457820@ Docs for http-only (#3841)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: docs/hybrid-cookie-domain-configuration.md

> # Hybrid Cookie Domain Configuration

Reviewer: Each doc should have a short intro paragraph that summarizes what the topic is about and why read it. Claude suggested this intro for this readme. If it's okay, you can place it below the title.

Maintain shopper sessions across subdomains in hybrid PWA Kit and SFRA storefronts by configuring a shared parent cookie domain. Without this configuration, browsers isolate cookies to individual hosts, causing shoppers to appear logged out and lose their baskets when crossing subdomain boundaries. This guide shows how to align the cookie domain settings on both PWA Kit and B2C Commerce to enable seamless cross-subdomain navigation.

> **WIP: HttpOnly session cookies are in-progress. Do not enable `enableHttpOnlySessionCookies` in production.**

> ## Why this doc exists

Reviewer: I suggest renaming this title to Overview.

> A hybrid deployment runs PWA Kit and SFRA together, typically behind a single CDN that presents a unified top-level domain to shoppers. Even with that unified front, individual sites within the storefront may live on distinct subdomains — for example `siteA.example.com` and `siteB.example.com`, or a marketing host on `www.example.com` alongside a PWA-served catalog on `shop.example.com`.

Reviewer: Same comment about removing spaces around em dashes (—) everywhere in this doc.

When you first turn `cookieDomain` on for an existing site, both PWA Kit and the SLAS proxy emit an additional expiring `Set-Cookie` for any pre-existing host-scoped cookie of the same name. This prevents the browser from holding both a host-scoped and a domain-scoped cookie for the same key (which causes non-deterministic reads).

### Validation rules

`cookieDomain` must:

- be a plain hostname or a leading-dot domain (e.g. `.example.com`).
- not contain wildcards or whitespace, and not contain any of `* , ; =`.

If the value contains any of those characters, both `commerce-sdk-react` and the SLAS proxy log a warning and fall back to host-scoped cookies. The browser would silently reject the value otherwise — the warning makes the misconfiguration visible.

The browser will **silently drop** a `Domain=` attribute that doesn't match the request hostname. For example, on the default `*.mobify-storefront.com` MRT host, a `Domain=.example.com` Set-Cookie header has no effect. You must serve PWA Kit from a custom domain that falls under `cookieDomain` (attach the domain to your MRT environment via the existing CNAME/Certificate flow).

> ## 2. Configure the cookie domain on ECOM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Configure the cookie domain on B2C Commerce
```

> The ECOM-side cookie domain for hybrid sessions is configured in Business Manager under:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cookie domain in B2C Commerce for hybrid sessions is configured in Business Manager under:
```

**Merchant Tools → Site Preferences → Hybrid Auth Settings**

> The cookie-domain setting accepts a numeric level that controls how broadly ECOM scopes the `dwsid` (and other hybrid session) cookies. Only two values are valid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cookie-domain setting accepts a numeric level that controls how broadly B2C Commerce scopes the `dwsid` (and other hybrid session) cookies. Only two values are valid:
```

Reviewer: I won't tag all ECOM instances. I suggest doing a search & replace to find them all.

The fix is to set `Domain=` on both sides to a shared parent domain (for example `.example.com`) so the same cookies are sent on every request under that domain. PWA Kit and SFRA configure this in different places — that's why this doc exists: to capture both sides of the configuration in one spot, plus a verification checklist for the seam between them.

For the full list of cookies affected, see [HttpOnly Mode — SLAS Property Storage Mapping](./httponly-storage-mapping.md). For the request-flow architecture, see [HttpOnly Session Cookies — Architecture](./httponly-cookies-architecture.md).

## 1. Configure the cookie domain on PWA Kit

Set `commerceAPI.cookieDomain` in your project's `config/default.js`:

```js
module.exports = {
    app: {
        commerceAPI: {
            // ...
            cookieDomain: '.example.com'
        }
    }
}
```

This setting applies to:

> - **Client-side cookies** set by `commerce-sdk-react` (`CookieStorage`) — including `usid`, `cc-nx-g` / `cc-nx` in non-HttpOnly mode, and the `dnt` cookie.

Reviewer 2: Can we say all cookies set by client or server instead of naming individual cookie names?
